README.md, before:

# chaotic-aur-mirrorhosting

This contains the docker compose file to deploy a chaotic-aur (aur.chaotic.cx ) mirror
You dont need to have port forwarding working to deploy this mirror.
Do note that tunnel speed can be very volatile. You wont be utlisizing full capacity of your bandwidth.
If you want to deploy a normal mirror use this [docker-compose](https://github.com/virusz4274/myserver/blob/main/chaotic-aur-mirror/docker-compose.yml) file instead

## Inside the Docker Compose

* Syncthing container
* Nginx Server
* Cloudflared

Syncthing is used to sync the mirror.
Nginx server will be serving the files inside the Syncthing folder.
Cloudflared will create a tunnel between Nginx Server and Cloudflare Edge computers making it accesible to the public.

## Prerequisite 

* Have domain DNS managed on cloudflare
* Docker and Docker compose installed
* About 80GB of storage space

## For People using ARM64 or RaspberryPi 

* RUN ```docker build -t cloudflaredarm64 .```
* change the image of cloudflared container to cloudflaredarm64 in the docker-compose.yml file
* You also need to build a docker image for nginx-server start by cloning this [repo](https://github.com/dceoy/docker-nginx-autoindex)
* RUN ```docker build -t dceoy/nginx-autoindex .```

## Instruction

1) Clone this repo 
2) Get tokens for cloudflare
   * If you own domain, follow [this Guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide)
     You can generate a credentials from your local pc and transfer it to the cloudflared folder.
   * If you dont have a domain get a tunnel key and config from us.
3) Edit the config.yml inside cloudflared folder 
4) Run docker-compose up -d 
5) change folder ownership
    * ```cd srv/http/repos/```
    * ```sudo chown $USER:$USER -R chaotic-aur/```
6) Open syncthing web interface by visting (http://localhost:8384)
    * Add device: ZDHVMSP-EW4TMWX-DBH2W4P-HV5A6OY-BBEFABO-QTENANJ-RJ6GKNX-6KCG7QY, then check "Introducer" and "Auto accept"
    * Select Add Folder
    * Enter jhcrt-m2dra in Folder ID
    * Enter chaotic-aur in Folder Label
    * Add folder with "Ignore Permissions" and "Pull Order" by "Oldest First".
    * Wait for chaotic-aur to accept it!

Commit message:

updated the readme to address chaotic-mirror-in

README.md, after:

# chaotic-aur-mirrorhosting

This contains the docker compose file to deploy a chaotic-aur (aur.chaotic.cx ) mirror
You dont need to have port forwarding working to deploy this mirror.
Do note that tunnel speed can be very volatile. You wont be utlisizing full capacity of your bandwidth.
If you want to deploy a normal mirror use this [docker-compose](https://github.com/virusz4274/myserver/blob/main/chaotic-aur-mirror/docker-compose.yml) file instead

## Inside the Docker Compose

* Syncthing container
* Nginx Server
* Cloudflared

Syncthing is used to sync the mirror.
Nginx server will be serving the files inside the Syncthing folder.
Cloudflared will create a tunnel between Nginx Server and Cloudflare Edge computers making it accesible to the public.

## Prerequisite 

* Have domain DNS managed on cloudflare
* Docker and Docker compose installed
* About 80GB of storage space

## For People using ARM64 or RaspberryPi 

* RUN ```docker build -t cloudflaredarm64 .```
* change the image of cloudflared container to cloudflaredarm64 in the docker-compose.yml file
* You also need to build a docker image for nginx-server start by cloning this [repo](https://github.com/dceoy/docker-nginx-autoindex)
* RUN ```docker build -t dceoy/nginx-autoindex .```

## Instruction

1) Clone this repo 
   IN Mirror without portforwarding can goto chaotic-mirror-in folder and continue from step 4
2) Get tokens for cloudflare
   * If you own domain, follow [this Guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide)
     You can generate a credentials from your local pc and transfer it to the cloudflared folder.
   * If you dont have a domain get a tunnel key and config from us.
3) Edit the config.yml inside cloudflared folder 
4) Run docker-compose up -d 
5) change folder ownership
    * ```cd srv/http/repos/```
    * ```sudo chown $USER:$USER -R chaotic-aur/```
6) Open syncthing web interface by visting (http://localhost:8384)
    * Add device: ZDHVMSP-EW4TMWX-DBH2W4P-HV5A6OY-BBEFABO-QTENANJ-RJ6GKNX-6KCG7QY, then check "Introducer" and "Auto accept"
    * Select Add Folder
    * Enter jhcrt-m2dra in Folder ID
    * Enter chaotic-aur in Folder Label
    * Add folder with "Ignore Permissions" and "Pull Order" by "Oldest First".
    * Wait for chaotic-aur to accept it!
